(1)  What are the benefits of using CSS ?
Ans: 
  1. SEPARATION OF CONTANT FRON PRESENTATION:- CSS provides a way to present the same contant in multiple presentation formats in mobile or desktop or leptop.
  2. EASY TO MAINTAIN:- CSS,built effectively can be used to change the look and feel complete by making small changes. To make a globel change,simply change the 
style,and all elements in all the web pages will be updated automatically.
  3.BANDWIDTH:- Used effectively,the style sheets will be stored in the browser cache and they can be used on multiple pages, without having to download again.

(2)  What are the disadvantages of CSS ?
Ans: 1. CSS,CSS1 up to CSS3,result in creating of confusion among web browser.
 2. With CSS,what works with one browser might not always work with another. The web devlopers need to test for compatibility,running the program across multiple browsers.
 3. There exists a scarcity of security.
 4. After making the changes we need to confirm the compatibility if they appear. The similar change affects on all the browsers.
 5. CSS works differently on different browsers. IE and Opera supports CSS as different logic.

(3)  What is the difference between CSS2 and CSS3 ?
Ans: The biggest difference between CSS2 and CSS3 is that CSS3 has been split into different sections,called modules.Each of these modules is making its way through the W3C in
various stages of the recommendation proccess. This process has made it much easier for various pieces of CSS3 to be accepted and implemented in the browser by different manufacturers.
If you compare this process to what happened with CSS2,where everything was submitted as a single document with all the cascading style sheets information within it, you begin to see the
advantages of breaking the recommendation up into smaller,individual pieces. Because each of the modules is being worked on individually,devlopers enjoy a much wider range of browser support
for CSS3 modules.

(4)  Name of few CSS style components ?
Ans: CSS style is composed of the following elements:
1. Selector: It is an HTML tag at which a style will be apllied.
2. Property: It is a type of attributes of HTML tag.
3. Value: These are assigned to properties.

(5)  What do you understand by CSS opacity ?
Ans: The opacity CSS property sets the opacity od an elementt. Opacity is the degrre to which content behind an element is hidden, and is the opposite of transparency.
The value of the opacity property ranges between 0 and 1. The lower the value of the opacity property, the more transparents an element will appear. so,a value od 0 would
make an element fully transparents,and a value od 1 would make an element appear as normal.

(6)  How can the background color of an elementbe changed ?
Ans: To add background color in HTML, use the CSS background-color property. Set it to the color name or code you want and place it inside a style attribute. 
Then add this style attribute to an HTML element, like a table, heading, div, or span tag.

(7)  How can image repetition of the backup be controlled ?
Ans: This task can be achieved by using the background-repeat property that will help us to control the repetition of the image.
The background-repeat property in CSS is used to repeat the background image both horizontally and vertically. It also decides whether the background image will be repeated or not.

(8)  What is the use of the bckground-position property ?
Ans: The background-position property sets the starting position of a background image. Tip: By default, a background-image is placed at the top-left corner of an element,
 and repeated both vertically and horizontally.

(9)  Which property controls the image scroll in the backgroud ?
Ans: The background-attachment property sets whether a background image scrolls with the rest of the page, or is fixed.

(10)  Why should background and color be used as separate properties ?
Ans:  There are two reasons behind this:
1) It enhances the legibility of style sheets. The background property is a complex property in CSS, and if it is combined with color, the complexity will further increase.
2) Color is an inherited property while the background is not. So this can make confusion further.

(12)  How to center block element using CSS1 ?
Ans:  Define the external width – We need to define the external width. Block-level elements have the default width of 100% of the webpage, so for centering the block element,
 we need space around it. So for generating the space, we are giving it a width.
 Set the left-margin and the right-margin of the element to auto – Since we produced a remaining space by providing external width so now we need to align that space properly that’s why we should use margin property.
 Margin is a property that tells how to align a remaining space. So for centering the element you must set left-margin to auto and right-margin to auto.

(13)  How to maintain the CSS specification ?
Ans:  



(14)  What are the ways to intregrate CSS as a web page ?
Ans:  CSS can be added to HTML documents in 3 ways: Inline - by using the style attribute inside HTML elements. Internal - by using a <style> element in the <head> section. External - by using a <link> element to link to an external CSS file.

(15)  What is the embedded style sheets ?
Ans:  Embedded Stylesheet: It allows you to define styles for a particular HTML document as a whole in one place. This is done by embedding the <style></style> tags containing the CSS properties in the head of your document.

(16)  What are the external style sheets ?
Ans:  An external style sheet is a separate CSS file that can be accessed by creating a link within the head section of the webpage. Multiple webpages can use the same link to access the stylesheet. The link to an external
 style sheet is placed within the head section of the page.

(17)  What are the advantage and disadvantage of using external style sheets ?
Ans:  The advantages of External Style Sheets are as follows :
1) With the help of External Style Sheets, the styles of numerous documents can be organized from one single file.
2) In External Style Sheets, Classes can be made for use on numerous HTML element types in many forms of the site.
3) In complex contexts, Methods like selector and grouping can be implemented to apply styles.

The disadvantages of External Style Sheets are as follows :
1) An extra download is essential to import style information for each file.
2) The execution of the file may be deferred till the external style sheet is loaded.
3) While implementing style sheets, we need to test Web pages with multiple browsers in order to check compatibility issues.

(18)  What is the meaning of the CSS Selector ?
Ans:  A CSS selector is the first part of a CSS Rule. It is a pattern of elements and other terms that tell the browser which HTML elements should be selected to have the CSS property values inside the rule applied to them.

(19)  What are the media types allowed by CSS ?
Ans:  * continuous or paged.
* visual, audio, speech, or tactile.
* grid (for character grid devices), or bitmap.
* interactive (for devices that allow user interaction), or static (for those that do not).
all (includes all media types).

(20)  What is the rule set ?
Ana:  A collection of rules or signatures that network traffic or system activity is compared against to determine an action to take—such as forwarding or rejecting a packet, creating an alert, or allowing a system event.

















  